look at that Johnny he's right wires
he's huge
that is incredible that must be three
meters now that is a big croc he's
turned towards us he's just there got it
he's got the fish he's got the fish come
on there big fella come on it's getting
a Kiki
whoa some strength look at that
no slipping around in the riverside mud
you can see why crops are so deadly even
when I'm out of the water on the
riverbanks
he still has the upper hand just when I
think my job can't get any weirder I end
up fishing for Crocs and an electrical
storm madness
he is the master these murky waters he
fell in there the last five minutes
though the American crocodile is
primarily a fish feeder a big croc like
this could easily take decent-sized
mammal pray or chug back a huge fish in
one gulp effortless just efforts